Fix typos and improve readability (#9506)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/api-specification.md

## Extension APIs

Gatsby has multiple processes. The most prominent is the "bootstrap" process. It

> has several sub processes. One tricky part to their design is that they run both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has several subprocesses. One tricky part to their design is that they run both
```

"subprocesses" is correct here!
